JUNE: Previously on
The Handmaid's Tale...
MRS. KEYES: What does it mean
that they came here?
It means I have to leave.
JUNE: Mayday will help us.
They'll get us to a cell
on the western border.
No. thanks. I want out
of this fucking place.
- They've gotten us this far.
- Exactly.
I don't want to fight.
None of us wanted to. at first.
Did you hear from Mayday?
The contact
will only talk to you.
Do you have a safe house for us?
Yeah. The Murrows.
It's a yellow farmhouse
about 13 miles west of you.
JUNE: I saw some military
Commanders on the way in.
Yeah. they're here
for a couple more days.
One last party before Chicago.
Just fucking sitting ducks.
You really think that Mayday
would liberate this place?
It isn't an army.
We are Mayday.
They're people just like us.
CALHOUN: Handmaids.
More trouble than they're worth.
More misled than sinful.
in this case.
They were led astray
by a gifted and amoral liar.
So. you're just gonna
get yourself killed or caught?
Yeah. that's exactly
what I'm gonna do.
So. what then?
Red Leader standing by.
Get them ready.
JUNE: We're the ones
we've been waiting for.
When she is hanging on the wall.
justice will be done.
Something's wrong.
- You should go. Now.
- I'm not leaving you.
And bring her to me.
(GUNSHOT)
NICK: Where are the Handmaids?
I'm trying to keep you alive.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(BREATH TREMBLING)
- (VEHICLE THUDS)
- (JUNE GASPS)
(GASPS)
(SIGHS)
(BRAKES SCREECH)
MAN: ID. please.
(GATE WHIRRING)
MAN: Clear. Under His eye.
(VEHICLE DOORS OPENING. CLOSING)
(DOOR LOCK CLICKS)
(BREATHING UNSTEADILY)
(NICK SIGHS)
(BREATH TREMBLING)
Mrs. Keyes is safe in custody.
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
The other Handmaids
are still at large.
They moved on
to the next safe house.
(CHAIN CLANGING)
That's what they assume.
If you don't tell them
where they are.
I can't help you.
Please let me help you.
- (JUNE BREATHING SHAKILY)
- (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
AUNT LYDIA: Hello. dear.
Thank you. Commander Blaine.
Ofjoseph is in good hands.
I am here as her advocate.
Think of me
as her guardian angel.
Be strong with the Lord...
and in the strength
of His might.
(BREATHING UNSTEADILY)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(METAL CLANGING)
(DOOR BEEPS)
(DOOR BUZZES)
(GROANS)
(BREATH TREMBLING)
(GRUNTS)
You wicked. wicked girl.
All those children.
taken from their homes.
Did you give one thought
to their poor parents?
Did you think about
how I would feel?
You have caused so much pain.
I hope you're happy
with yourself.
(DOOR BUZZES)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
AUNT LYDIA: Lieutenant.
(DOOR CLOSES)
Ofjoseph. the lieutenant
has questions for you.
I'm sure you are eager to help.
LIEUTENANT STANS: Let's get this off.
No. no. no. no. no.
You don't need to be scared.
Yeah. that's better.
Blessed be the fruit. Ofjoseph.
Where are the other Handmaids?
AUNT LYDIA: Tell him. dear.
While God's merciful light
still shines upon you.
There is no light here.
God has forsaken this place.
(GROANS)
LIEUTENANT STANS: I'm sorry.
Are you all right?
(GASPS)
Just tell me.
where are the other Handmaids?
You have no answers for me?
Are you sure. sweetheart?
AUNT LYDIA: Yes. she is.
Ofjoseph is always
very. very sure.
Praise be. Gentlemen.
Bless us. O Lord.
for this holy service
we are grateful to perform
in Your name.
In our search for justice.
may You guide this sinner
to righteousness and repentance.
(GRUNTING SOFTLY)
Amen.
(GASPS)
It's all right. Shh.
All right then.
(JUNE CHOKING. COUGHING)
- (JUNE GASPING)
- (AUNT LYDIA SIGHS)
(JUNE COUGHING)
(SIGHS IN EXASPERATION)
(DOOR CLOSES)
She's been captured.
That's confirmed.
So. is she alive?
Yes.
They have three solid sources.
But. unfortunately.
I don't think
we'll get much more information.
Will there be a trial?
Possibly. but nothing public.
They won't announce the verdict.
What about sentencing?
Honestly.
we'll probably never know.
(SIGHS)
(CELL PHONE CHIMES)
You got somewhere to be?
I'm sorry.
There's not much more
we can do at this stage.
Thank you.
Thanks. Rachel.
RACHEL: Okay.
My grandmother used to bury
a green persimmon
in the backyard for luck.
For what it's worth.
(DOOR CLOSES)
(SIGHS)
(DOOR BUZZES)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(DOOR CLOSES. BEEPS)
(COUGHS)
(DOOR BUZZES)
(DOOR CLOSES)
That lieutenant
is very determined.
If you don't cooperate.
I fear things might get
quite a bit worse for you.
Ofrobert. Oferic. Ofhoward
and the others...
all wanted fugitives
in grave danger because of you.
Bring them home.
- This isn't their home.
- Because you corrupted them!
They had a life of meaning here.
a life of service.
There is no meaning
in this place except violence.
Ah. (EXHALES SHARPLY)
You... You told those girls
that if they followed the rules.
they'd be okay.
Then you sent them out
to be raped
and beaten and humiliated.
Over and over and over.
You failed them.
You shut your mouth!
Didn't you?
You failed your precious girls.
- It is your fault. Aunt Lydia.
- Oh. no.
- (DOOR BUZZES)
- Lieutenant!
Your fault!
Your fault. isn't it?
Listen to me.
It is your fault. isn't it?
Get up. You get up.
Get up. I said!
You are a miserable beast.
Lydia.
What did you call me?
Oh...
Lydia.
(CHUCKLES)
You know. Janine.
your girl.
she was so easy.
She turned on you
in a fucking second.
(DOOR BUZZES)
Well. good. Back to work.
(DOOR CLOSES. BEEPS)
It's only through
true suffering of the flesh
that we shall find His love.
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
You can stop this anytime.
(INHALES SHARPLY)
Don't.
Aunt Lydia?
Yes?
I know where they are.
They went to Vermont.
They're in a library
in Burlington at the university.
They're waiting there
to cross the border.
Now. let's get you some
dry clothes and a place to stay.
Shall we?
(DOOR BEEPS. BUZZES)
Bless you.
(DOOR CLOSES. BEEPS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(NICHOLE COOING)
MOIRA: Hey. I'm headed out.
It's early. right?
It's gonna be a crowded march.
A lot of people
want to pray for June.
(SCOFFS)
- It's gonna be nice.
- Yeah.
I could wait for you guys.
Hmm. nah.
I'm...
- (SNEEZES)
- Bless you.
We're gonna get you a bath.
ain't we? Hmm?
We're gonna get you a bath
and an early bedtime for once.
(LUKE GRUNTS)
Come on.
June's in prison...
and we're lighting candles.
We're doing everything
we can for her.
Yeah. don't rub it in.
Did she choose this?
Who. June?
No. she didn't choose this.
Because she chose
to stay in Gilead.
right. and she knew
she'd probably get caught.
Maybe.
Die trying to do something good.
It's just...
It's just she knew she'd
probably never see me again.
Right?
She knew she'd probably never
see either of us again.
And. um.
that's the choice that she made
and. uh. you know.
I gotta respect it.
I gotta respect her.
I can't ask God for something
that she didn't want.
Well. God's been looking out
for her so far.
All right. look.
I'll see you later.
I gotta... I gotta go.
Uh. be safe. Be careful.
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(DOOR BEEPS. BUZZES)
Poor choice.
I will never tell you
where they are.
(AUNT LYDIA SCOFFS. SMACKS LIPS)
Brave words. Ofjoseph.
but... just words.
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(ELEVATOR WHIRRING)
(BEEPING)
(DOOR OPENS)
(HELICOPTER HOVERING)
(GASPING)
Thou shalt not steal.
nor cheat. nor lie.
for I am the Lord thy God.
Wow.
What a crazy night. huh?
(CHUCKLES)
Now. where are the Handmaids?
(GRUNTS)
BETH: June...
don't tell them anything.
(SCREAMING)
(BODY THUDS)
(GASPING)
(WHIMPERING)
(BREATHING UNSTEADILY)
You can save her.
Come on. Come on.
Come on. it's all right.
Come on.
Yeah. It's all right.
Good girl.
So...
tell me where they are.
(CRYING SOFTLY)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(SOBBING)
June...
- (JUNE GASPS)
- (SIENNA SCREAMS)
(BODY THUDS)
LIEUTENANT STANS: What a shame.
(GASPING)
Aw... (CHUCKLES)
Please don't lie to me again.
(HELICOPTER HOVERING)
(SOBBING)
(DOOR BUZZES)
No. No.
No. no.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(JUNE BANGING ON METAL)
Well. she isn't stupid.
but she is stubborn.
which I guess
is a form of stupidity.
Perhaps it's the most
virulent form.
Here's the thing. you owe me.
You can't save her.
You understand that. right?
She is never coming back to you.
Why would she?
I know.
I just. you know...
I want her to stay alive.
Yeah. well...
It's always nice to want things.
You used to want things. too.
You wanted things to change.
June did that.
She changed Gilead.
Gilead was ripe for an overall.
But she changed me.
she changed you.
So perhaps.
she's fulfilled her purpose.
and it's time to move on.
I can't...
move on.
I can't.
I know.
I wish I could help you.
You're getting very
comfortable here. in this house.
It's my home.
Actually. it was gonna be
Commander Cooper's home.
Till he found a Victorian
he liked more.
Cooper's a toady with no taste.
It could help you. too.
Getting June to talk.
It could help you
stay in this house.
What are saying?
You owe me.
You already said that.
Bears repeating.
JUNE: ♪ Ooh. baby
♪ Do you know
What that's worth? ♪
♪ Oh. heaven is a place
On earth ♪
♪ They say in heaven
Love comes first ♪
♪ We'll make heaven
A place on earth ♪
♪ When the night falls down
♪ I wait for you
To you come around ♪
♪ And the world's alive
♪ With the sound of kids
On the street outside ♪
♪ Ooh. baby. do you know
What that's worth? ♪
♪ Oh heaven
Is a place on earth ♪
(NICHOLE COOING)
♪ They say in heaven
Love comes first ♪
(SIGHS)
♪ We'll make heaven
A place on earth ♪
Yeah? Come on.
Come on.
(GRUNTS)
(SNIFFLES)
Mommy needs some good luck.
I got one of these.
Look.
Here's the persimmon.
Now. hold that.
Now. we're gonna put that...
put it in there.
Drop it down. Put it in.
There you go.
(NICHOLE COOING)
All done.
(INHALES AND EXHALES DEEPLY)
Come on. we should go
wash hands. huh. Supergirl?
You want to wash hands?
All right.
(GRUNTS)
Oh. who's a good girl?
Good girl.
(DOOR BEEPS. UNLOCKS)
(SIGHS)
(DOOR BEEPS. BUZZES)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(GASPS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(MELLOW PIANO MUSIC PLAYING)
Hi.
You've looked better.
You should eat.
No one's gonna hurt you here.
Go ahead. eat.
I didn't think
you'd end up back here.
They need me...
especially now.
Nine Commanders in the hospital.
six dead.
Some bad liquor...
at Jezebel's in Pennsylvania.
It's bad luck.
June...
You have to tell me
where the Handmaids are.
June.
you have to tell me
where they are.
Or they will hurt Hannah.
They will hurt her.
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
No.
No. the Gilead...
they'd never hurt a child.
That's all they care about.
Gilead doesn't care
about children.
Gilead cares about power.
Faithfulness. old-time values.
homemade bread...
(CHUCKLES)
That's...
Just the means to the end.
It's distraction
and window-dressing.
(LAWRENCE SIGHS)
I thought you would've
figured that out by now.
I thought you were gonna
clean up your mess.
I can't do it
from the end of a rope.
This is where we are.
Well...
(SNIFFLES)
Go fuck yourself.
Motherhood's always been
an evolutionary puzzle to me.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Gentlemen.
(JUNE BREATHING UNSTEADILY)
I was hoping
we could avoid this.
HANNAH: It's all right.
I like it.
That's good.
(HANNAH LAUGHING)
(GASPING)
(SHRIEKS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
It's okay.
It's okay. baby.
(SNIFFLES)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
It's okay.
(BREATHING RAPIDLY)
It's okay. baby.
(CRYING SOFTLY)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
They're at the Murrow farmhouse.
13 miles west
of the Keyes' place.
(SIGHS)
LIEUTENANT STANS: It was lovely
meeting you. June Osborn.
Thanks for helping.
AUNT LYDIA: Come along. dear.
Come. dear.
- AUNT LYDIA: Come along.
- No.
We've got to go now. come on.
Yes. Okay.
Honey. you've got to get up now.
All right. Come on. dear.
She's safe.
She's safe. You're okay.
Come on now.
You've got to rest.
Baby...
AUNT LYDIA: Come along now.
(DOGS BARKING IN DISTANCE)
(GASPS)
(SOFTLY)
Wake up. Wake up.
Wake up.
ALMA: Hey. What?
(ALL GASPING)
(DOOR OPENS)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
COMMANDER MURROW: What is this?
GUARDIAN: Commander Murrow.
where are they?
COMMANDER MURROW: Get out of my house!
- (GUNSHOT)
- (WOMAN SCREAMS)
(ALL BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GASPING)
(DOOR BEEPS. BUZZES)
(DOOR CLOSES. BEEPS)
AUNT LYDIA: Blessed evening. dear.
All of our wayward girls
have been retrieved
safe and sound.
thanks to you.
Aunt Lydia.
Yes. dear.
I'm ready.
Ready for what?
For all it to be over.
What?
I'm ready.
Please.
Just kill me.
Oh! (CHUCKLES)
You're not going to be executed.
None of you are.
Not one Handmaid can be spared.
We lost so many children.
thanks to you.
All of you girls
were chosen by God
and you will discharge
your sacred duty.
- We're getting new postings?
- In a manner of speaking.
You are all going
to a Magdalene Colony.
You will labor in the fields.
And when you are ripe.
your Commander and his wife
will come to you
and perform the ceremony.
Then you will rejoin
your sister's at work.
You will all live out your days
in a blessed cycle of service.
A breeding colony.
An innovation
I had my doubts about.
but I can see the value
for certain temperaments.
- (CHUCKLES)
- Oh. (CHUCKLES)
(TUTTING) My sweet girl.
Hmm?
So much change to adjust to.
But try to remember
that all of this is your doing.
Everything that has
happened to you. to Hannah.
to Janine and the others.
to those poor Marthas.
all of it.
you're responsible.
Your fault.
Your choice.
Hmm?
Ah. no. no. no.
All right.
let's get you cleaned up.
This is the start
of a new adventure.
(DOOR BEEPS. BUZZES)
(DOOR CLOSES)
AUNT LYDIA: Praise be.
- (KNOCK ON DOOR)
- (DOOR BUZZES)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(VEHICLE ENGINE POWERS DOWN)
(VEHICLE DOORS OPENS. CLOSES)
GUARDIAN: Keep walking.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Hannah's back home.
She's safe.
I'm sorry.
I had to do what I had to do
- to keep you...
- Stop.
She was scared of me.
She wasn't scared of them.
She was... She was scared.
My baby was scared of me.
She wasn't scared of them.
- Listen to me.
- (SOBBING)
She didn't know me.
- Hey.
- She didn't know me.
She loves you.
I love you.
(VEHICLE APPROACHING)
(VEHICLE STOPS)
I love you.
(JANINE HUMMING "I'VE BEEN
WORKING ON THE RAILROAD")
(RAILWAY CROSSING BELLS DINGING)
(BELLS CONTINUE DINGING)
(TRAIN HORN BLOWING IN DISTANCE)
GUARDIAN: It's gonna be
a little while.
If you don't mind.
I'm gonna go use the necessary.
Oh. of course.
(CHUCKLES)
- Nature calls.
- GUARDIAN: Praise be.
(VEHICLE DOOR OPENS. CLOSES)
♪ Rows of houses
All bearing down on me ♪
Well...
It's so wonderful being all
together again. isn't it. dear?
♪ All these things
Into position ♪
We'll one day swallow whole ♪
♪ And fade out
♪ Again ♪
- (JUNE GRUNTS)
- (AUNT LYDIA GASPING)
- ALMA: Go!
- (AUNT LYDIA SCREAMS) No!
(JUNE GRUNTING)
♪ This machine will
(GRUNTING)
♪ Will not communicate ♪
(GASPING)
- June!
- (AUNT LYDIA GROANING)
- AUNT LYDIA: No! June.
- We can beat the train. dummy.
AUNT LYDIA: June...
don't do it.
Don't do it.
Help!
Stop!
♪ And fade out
♪ Again
(VOCALIZING)
AUNT LYDIA: Help! No!
Stop!
♪ Cracked eggs. dead birds
AUNT LYDIA: No!
♪ I can feel death
♪ Can see its beady eyes
♪ All these things
Into position ♪
(GUNSHOT)
♪ All these things
We'll one day swallow whole ♪
(TRAIN HORN BLARING)
♪ And fade out...
♪ And fade out
♪ Again
(INAUDIBLE)
♪ Immerse your soul
♪ In love
(DOOR OPENS)
JUNE: We slept in what had
once been the gymnasium.
(DOOR CLOSES)
We learned to whisper...
in the semi-darkness.
We learned to lipread.
(MOUTHING)
Sarah.
Elie.
Brianna.
Alma.
Janine.
Moira.
June.
Subtitles by SilverStark
www.OpenSubtitles.org
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org